another day with the crew Christine is
killing it with the handwritten signs
so I wish I had handwriting like this
humans amazing
so big question that I've been getting
that I'm sorry that haven't been really
clear about is what the heck is the
adobe creative business assistant
opportunity
I got starting about three months ago
it's a year of basically just complete
creative control and so Adobe
your creative projects for years where
you don't have to worry about freelance
projects and you can just create create
create so a lot of what I'm doing this
year
is very focused on my youtube channel
and taking creative spaces TV so that
club all Christmas TV is like the
docu-series
I film and edit and there will
hopefully like a month which was super
stoked about the statistical opportunity
to like gather with other residents
there is three other ones and we're here
in San Francisco just doing a lot of
this statute talks and it's a lot of fun
I'm headed back to New York City
tomorrow
all of the talks went great now it's
time to go stream so much more to talk
about so much more to do
I'm here at the Adobe studio with Jason
we're about to stream a lot what do you
do here at Adobe
I am the Adobe worldwide creative
evangelist for Creative Cloud and all of
our video and audio products so we're
gonna we're gonna talk about editing the
creative residency and all the things
it's gonna be fun it's gonna be able so
look at this green screen it's so
massive this is the live setup so we are
muted there just listening to music
right now we're done so like Craig
talked about he told this really cool
story how you know he wasn't even sort
of intimately aware ative ware of it but
he was kind of at this crossroads in his
career and he was trying to figure out
like okay well my and I sort of keep
freelancing or what am I gonna do to
kind of continue this vision of what I
really want to do and a friend had sort
of hipped him to like oh there's this
Adobe thing and it was I think he said
it was a 24 36 hours before the deadline
yeah and like he got his application in
let's see mine's like the complete
authorize the main thing I do is video I
do YouTube and photo but um I went to a
Adobe MAX session with Becky Simpson
right Becky Simpson is the previous
Adobe resident and it was actually on
book publishing right because I was like
I had no video I love video I want to do
some stuff that maybe you know I want to
dabble in the future right there's a
coffee table book that's right I was
sitting there and she mentioned the
Adobe Creative residency and my mind
just started going like holy cow what is
this it had been on my mind when I was
there for a while about like dropping
out of college and so that was just it
just consumed me every max and so I was
looking to offset a crack you know Craig
got his application be very last iris
sent in a video like a month before I I
always liked love and all the Adobe's
you a week like the color coding and
just beat the bin organization that's
where it's at if you don't know what an
adjustment layer is basically it's
something that you just drag and drop
over a multiple clips of video and then
you
apply the effects the adjustment layer
instead of the individual video and so
it makes it easier to color great or do
any effects that you want to do when
you're worrying about all the angles
when you're worrying about a lot of
stuff like you you don't see some things
and so I noticed something
there was a roll of tape in the
background on the printer it just it
drove me crazy so basically what I did I
just went into Photoshop I filled that
space and then I just had that section
dry frame and like overlaid that onto
this around here we've got Sid coming up
thank you so much we back in just a
moment
hi guys we just finished up the live
stream whoo it was fun it's very fun it
went really really well
I was another Adobe friend introduce
yourself I'm Meghan Meghan she actually
interviewed me in a tub I'd add a max
VidCon VidCon we're actually talking
about Adobe MAX because if you're coming
you can come see me talk I'm now giving
two talks to talks which is a very very
exciting touch done some of your work
for me in Premiere Pro Tuesday's was
like perfect I posted it like 9:00 a.m.
the morning go over I'm gonna click on
that okay well yeah I still think I
haven't done anything for my other talk
so if I need to fill out things let me
know okay I have my Lacroix knockoffs
talking green and I'm going to go live
on Facebook for the first time ever
Facebook live and I've been periscoping
I have been uniting and the more I live
stream the more skeptical I get about
the actual value that it brings so we'll
see how Facebook is gonna go quick thing
so I just got pop sockets and it's this
thing or you can just like like that
it's really easy to hold your phone but
look at this it's so handy to like mount
your phone to things because I think you
can only Facebook live on your phone so
I was like
hold it up the whole time look at that
amazing mind wife know everyone say
hello vlog so I just finished up the
Facebook livestream in the past few
weeks I've been periscoping you now hang
and now Facebook but I'll definitely
keep dabbling in I don't think it's
gonna be hard to keep like a study
schedule of live streaming just because
it's live streaming and I can't commit
to one time every single week what I've
learned is I love the strings that are
connected to already exist at social
medias like Facebook and Twitter like
what do you guys think of live-streaming
you actively watch someone are you
enjoying it I think a lot of my time
right now is better spent just pouring
into these vlogs and pouring into my
other episodic stuff like creative
spaces TV and that creative life and a
little announcement for you guys I
haven't kept you updated on this until
now the new season of creative spaces TV
will begin at the end of August so that
is so close that is so close I'm so
excited to share new episodes of
creative spaces TV with you because I
think I think you guys enjoy it yeah
this is such an amazing trip to San
Francisco I met so many amazing people
it was it was a lot of fun to kind of
give these little presentations because
public speaking is something that I'm
going to do more of especially with
Adobe MAX conference around the corner
and I'm very excited about that because
I love sharing ideas and talking to
people and hearing feedback and doing
all that stuff so I'm very excited for
that
New York New York I miss it even though
I've been I've only been gone for like
four days hopefully when I go back my
visit word will be fixed cuz it was
broken ahead and send it in thanks for
watching these exciting adventures in
San Francisco until next time stay
peachy okay bye
the next thing I'm about to do is very
exciting I can't wait to share you so
excited it is
you know I love them you know I love
Twitter so that excited let's go visit
Twitter HQ